4.0.2 (#66)
MetaMask/eth-hd-keyring: CHANGELOG.md

## [Unreleased]

## [4.0.2]
### Added

> - Add arg validation for method deserialize ([#65](https://github.com/MetaMask/eth-hd-keyring/pull/65))

Reviewer: nit: I found this wording a bit more clear
```suggestion
- Add parameter validation for constructor / `deserialize` method ([#65](https://github.com/MetaMask/eth-hd-keyring/pull/65))
```

>     - As of 4.0.0 deserialize method can no longer be passed an opts object containing a value for `numberOfAccounts` if it is not also containing a value for `mnemonic`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - As of v4.0.0, the `deserialize` method (which is also called by the constructor) can no longer generate accounts with the `numberOfAccounts` option without a `mnemonic`. Prior to v4.0.0, a mnemonic was generated automatically if it was missing, but we now want to ensure a mnemonic is never implicitly generated without the caller knowing.
```

Reviewer: I try to avoid saying things like "opts object" because that has no meaning to a caller unless they're reading the code. Even if we had JSDoc comments for this library, we'd probably call the object "options" rather than "opts".
